verification docs updating for the new snowtrace (#1636)
ava-labs/avalanche-docs: docs/build/dapp/smart-contracts/verification/verify-hardhat.md

  - If the contract uses multiple SPDX licenses, use both licenses by adding AND:
    `SPDX-License-Identifier: MIT AND BSD-3-Clause`

## Verify the Smart Contract using Snowtrace UI

Snowtrace is currently working on a new user interface (UI) for smart contract verification. 

> Meanwhile, consider utilizing our API for a seamless smart contract verification experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meanwhile, you may consider using their API for a seamless smart contract verification experience.
```

   1. If successful, all Contracts with the same bytecode will be verified
   2. If unsuccessful, read the error messages provided and make the appropriate changes
      1. Ensure to check that the compiler version and optimizer runs are the same as when you 
      compiled  the contract prior to deployment -->

> ## Verify the Smart Contract programmatically using APIs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Verify the Smart Contract Programmatically Using APIs
```

Ensure you have Postman or any other API platform installed on your computer (or accessible through online services), 
along with your contract's source code and the parameters utilized during deployment.

Here is the API call URL to use for a POST request: 

> ```https://api.snowtrace.io/api?module=contract&action=verifysourcecode ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```https://api.snowtrace.io/api?module=contract&action=verifysourcecode```
```

> Please note that this URL is specifically configured for mainnet verification on the Avalanche c-chain. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please note that this URL is specifically configured for Mainnet verification on the Avalanche c-chain. 
```

> Please note that this URL is specifically configured for Mainnet verification on the Avalanche C-Chain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this URL is specifically configured for verifying contracts on the Avalanche C-Chain Mainnet. 
```

> If you intend to verify on the testnet use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you intend to verify on the Fuji Testnet, use:
```

```https://api-testnet.snowtrace.io/api?module=contract&action=verifysourcecode ```

Here's the body of the API call with the required parameters:

```json
{
  "contractaddress": "YOUR_CONTRACT_ADDRESS",
  "sourceCode": "YOUR_FLATTENED_SOURCE_CODE",
  "codeformat": "solidity-single-file",
  "contractname": "YOUR_CONTRACT_NAME",
  "compilerversion": "YOUR_COMPILER_VERSION",
  "optimizationUsed": "YOUR_OPTIMIZATION_VALUE",  // 0 if not optimized, 1 if optimized
  "runs": "YOUR_OPTIMIZATION_RUNS",  // remove if not applicable
  "licenseType": "YOUR_LICENSE_TYPE",  // 1 if not specified
  "apikey": "API_KEY_PLACEHOLDER", // you don't need an API key, use a placeholder
  "evmversion": "YOUR_EVM_VERSION_ON_REMIX",
  "constructorArguments": "YOUR_CONSTRUCTOR_ARGUMENTS"  // Remove if not applicable
}
```

## Verifying with Hardhat-Verify

This part of the tutorial assumes that the contract was deployed using Hardhat and that all Hardhat 
dependencies are properly installed to include `'@nomiclabs/hardhat-etherscan'`.

> You will need to create a `.env.json` with your _Wallet Seed Phrase_, you don't need an API key to verify on Snowtrace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to create a `.env.json` with your _Wallet Seed Phrase_. You don't need an API key to verify on Snowtrace.
```
